修辞目的题：
2
scavenger食腐动物	destruction毁坏 remarkable值得纪念的
信息句：However, the chances of escaping complete destruction are vastly improved
if the organism happens to have a mineralized skeleton and dies in a place where it can be quickly
buried by sediment.
翻译：但是，如果生物恰好有矿物化的化石骨骼并且死亡的地方很容易被沉积物掩埋，化石不被完全毁坏的机会就会大大提升

6
conventional便利的 dominance统治 profitable有利的
信息句：and by 1502 the trans- Abrabian caravan route had been cut off by political unrest.
翻译：到了1502年，泛阿拉伯商队的路由于政治冲突已经被完全阻断

13
crisis危机 scarce稀缺 contemporary同时/现代的
possible explanation：It was argued that once hunter-gatherers had occupied the whole world, the population started to grow everywhere and food became scarce; agriculture would have been a
solution to this problem
criticize：. We know, however, that contemporary hunter-gatherer societies control
their population in a variety of ways. The idea of a world population crisis is therefore unlikely
翻译：
有人争论说，一旦狩猎和采集在世界范围内发生，各地人口都会增长因此导致食物短缺。从事农业是这个问题的一种解决方案
但我们知道，当代狩猎和采集社会通过多种方法控制人口。因此，人口增长风波是不正确的

19
presumably想必 apparent显然的 ceased停止
信息: This process of settling in as a community over several generations, combined with
local recruitment, presumably accounts for the apparent stability of the British northern frontier in
the later Roman period.
翻译：这个过程，尽力了许多代融入同一个社会，与当地人民紧密结合，可能就是英国北部边境在罗马帝国时期稳定的原因

TPO46 1-5
解题句：but its land did provide good clay, and as a consequence the clay tablet became the standard material.
翻译：但那片土地确实提供了质量很好的黏土，因此，黏土片成为了标准材料

TPO52 
3-30
A：As the Sahara dried up after 5000 B.C
B：By 3000 B.C., just as ancient Egyptian civilization was coming into being along the Nile
D：pastoral peoples (cattle herders) moved southward along major watercourses into the savanna belt of West Africa and the Sudan..., they had settled in the heart of the East African highlands far to the south. 

C：未提及，后文为下一题线索：, when the first cattle herders appeared. These cattle people may have moved between fixed settlements during the wet and dry seasons, living off hunting in the dry months and their own livestock and agriculture during the rains

3-36
解题句： Shifting agriculture, often called slash-and-burn, was highly adaptive for savanna farmers without plows, for it allowed cereal farming with the minimal expenditure of energy.
翻译：Shifting 农业，通常有叫做“刀耕火种”，非常适合没有犁的草原农民使用，因为它时农民付出的能量最少